How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	diff command shows us the exact line in the file where the difference
	between the two files exists. While manually we would have looked at
	each line in both the files to spot the difference. So, diff saves a 
	lot of time and effort.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	- You can restore code if you realize the previous version was better
	- If you make mistakes in the new code or if your new code is unstable/useless you
	can restore the old version
	- Having a history of codes can help you understand how the code that you are 
	writing progressed in terms of features/functionality added, etc.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: 
	- You can commit when you think its a logical point to commit
	- Make sure that each version of your code can be compiled
	- Commit sizes are in your control - so you can make sure that the commit size 
	is neither too small nor too big
    Cons: 
	- Need to remember to commit at appropriate intervals

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    	- Because Git is meant as a version control for code and generally software has 
    	Multiple interdependent files. While in case of some other version control systems 
	this is not the case.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	- git log gives you the entire history of commits for the repository
	along with a commit message, author name, date, etc. We can use this to 
	identify which commit we are interested in knowing more about. Then, using 
	git diff (with the chosen commit id and its previous commit id) we can see
	what were the changes introduced in the chosen commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    - This way even if I break something I can always checkout an earlier which was working correctly. But at this point I don’t know how to make the earlier working commit as my HEAD and discard changes done later.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    - Version control on a real world project







